README.md, before:

VVNetworking (Namespace: VirtualVoid.Networking)

This is a C# & Unity networking "aid". I wouldn't call this a networking solution, just a simple way to send some data with a few built-in functions; It is meant to be expanded upon.

The code for client connections and sending data is basically ripped straight from Tom Weiland's (youtube.com/c/TomWeiland) tutorial series.
All I have really added is support for some basic functions, a little bit of QOL, and love :|

In reality, the code isn't great, some parts aren't even working (encryption and probably rotational interpolation).
There are built in functionality for sending string messages, disconnections, and a basic networked entity system. These are really just to show that functionality is pretty easy to add.

If you want to see how this code can be expanded, you can really just watch Tom Weiland's dedicated server series.

"Features"

-TCP and unreliable UDP

-Asynchronous client connections

-Support for multiple clients

-Basic interpolation system

-Basic networked entity system

-Expandable code (I use this system in my games)

If even a single person other than me found any use for this code it will have served its purpose.
Thanks!

Commit message:

Updated README a third time...
Added part on reflection. Feel like I am forgetting something, but this is enough commits on the readme :|

README.md, after:

VVNetworking (Namespace: VirtualVoid.Networking)

This is a C# & Unity networking "aid". I wouldn't call this a networking solution, just a simple way to send some data with a few built-in functions; It is meant to be expanded upon.

The code for client connections, sending data, and interpolating is basically ripped straight from Tom Weiland's (youtube.com/c/TomWeiland) tutorial series.
All I have really added is support for some basic functions, a little bit of QOL, and love :)

In reality, the code isn't great, some parts aren't even working (encryption and probably rotational interpolation).
There are built in functionality for sending string messages, disconnections, and a basic networked entity system. These are really just to show that functionality is pretty easy to add.

If you want to see how this code can be expanded, you can really just watch Tom Weiland's dedicated server series.

"Features"

-TCP and unreliable UDP

-Asynchronous client connections

-Support for multiple clients

-Basic interpolation system

-Basic networked entity system

-Expandable code (I use this system in my projects)

-Reflection/Attribute based system for receiving packets { [Client/ServerReceive("PacketID")] on any static method }

I am a github newbie, but if you want to improve the code I think that's a pull request?
If even a single person other than me found any use for this code it will have served its purpose.
Thanks!
